README.md, before:

# R Laboratory Work & Projects

<div align="center">
  
[![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white)](https://www.r-project.org/)
[![Machine Learning](https://img.shields.io/badge/Machine%20Learning-FF6F61?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/png;base64,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)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machine_learning)
[![Data Science](https://img.shields.io/badge/Data%20Science-44475a?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/png;base64,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)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_science)

</div>

## 📚 About This Repository

Welcome to my R Programming Laboratory Work repository! This is a comprehensive collection of my work in R, focusing on Machine Learning projects and data analysis tasks. Here, you'll find practical implementations, experimental analyses, and project work that demonstrates the application of R in solving real-world problems.

## 🎯 Repository Focus

- **Machine Learning Implementations**
- **Statistical Analysis**
- **Data Visualization**
- **Predictive Modeling**
- **Data Preprocessing Techniques**

## 🛠️ Tools & Technologies

- **R Programming Language**
- **RStudio**
- **Popular R Packages:**
  - `tidyverse` for data manipulation
  - `ggplot2` for visualization
  - `caret` for machine learning
  - `dplyr` for data transformation
  - And many more!

## 📂 Repository Structure

```
R_Lab_Work/
├── Machine_Learning/       # ML algorithms and projects
├── Data_Analysis/         # Statistical analysis work
├── Visualizations/        # Data visualization projects
└── Utilities/            # Helper functions and tools
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AleenaTahir1/R_Lab_Work.git
   ```
2. Install R and RStudio
3. Install required packages:
   ```R
   install.packages(c("tidyverse", "ggplot2", "caret"))
   ```

## 💡 Contributing

Feel free to:
- Fork the repository
- Create a feature branch
- Submit pull requests
- Open issues for discussions or bug reports

## 📫 Contact

- GitHub: [@AleenaTahir1](https://github.com/AleenaTahir1)

## ⭐ Show Your Support

If you find this repository helpful, please consider giving it a star!

---
<div align="center">
  <i>Happy Coding with R! 📊</i>
</div>

Commit message:

Update README to include team member information and collaborative language

README.md, after:

# R Laboratory Work & Projects

<div align="center">
  
[![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white)](https://www.r-project.org/)
[![Machine Learning](https://img.shields.io/badge/Machine%20Learning-FF6F61?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/png;base64,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)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machine_learning)
[![Data Science](https://img.shields.io/badge/Data%20Science-44475a?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAA4AAAAOCAYAAAAfSC3RAAAABHNCSVQICAgIfAhkiAAAAAlwSFlzAAAAdgAAAHYBTnsmCAAAABl0RVh0U29mdHdhcmUAd3d3Lmlua3NjYXBlLm9yZ5vuPBoAAAGASURBVCiRjZK9SgNBEMd/s3sxQSR5A8FCLBQrC1/AG6QQBBsLW2vfwMY2pLBQsFAwjZ2dCkJAMKSxEBQU0gQMiJ7F7mVvdy2MCYYk3jSz7Mz+5jvfzgr+IISwgCywB2wCaaCpwrOoQ8ChiNhZbv4yqOpkMpkjVT0VkTwQWLZYRBzXdU+y2WxRVWXJUAJOgFsRaQyHw4f5fP7d9/0bz/OywFeDwWAnlUq9AHtAabVpbYwJgK/RaHQtIgIgqqrGGAGw4/H4GXhX1YAxJrQAxu/QWvuAH4ZhCfCMMaeAG41Gt4ZCAMlk8t73/QDwVLWwvr6+EwTBkqqWgRPP836XapnNZovGmGMRaQRBcA4Ux+PxM3DX7XaPAMrlcqher1+q6grwFY1Gr5LJ5GMkEvHm0C0RaQCFTCbz2Ol0+qlU6k5EAsAHKv1+f+V0aK1PReQcqHQ6nX4ul3tz3bW2iDQBu9Vq2QBaawEwxvx9xzAMMMbMm0vN5c8vpWSrfh3Nv+8AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_science)

</div>

## About This Repository

Welcome to our R Programming Laboratory Work repository! This is a comprehensive collection of our work in R, focusing on Machine Learning projects and data analysis tasks. Here, you'll find practical implementations, experimental analyses, and project work that demonstrates the application of R in solving real-world problems.

## Repository Focus

- **Machine Learning Implementations**
- **Statistical Analysis**
- **Data Visualization**
- **Predictive Modeling**
- **Data Preprocessing Techniques**

## Tools & Technologies

- **R Programming Language**
- **RStudio**
- **Popular R Packages:**
  - `tidyverse` for data manipulation
  - `ggplot2` for visualization
  - `caret` for machine learning
  - `dplyr` for data transformation
  - And many more!

## Repository Structure

```
R_Lab_Work/
├── Machine_Learning/       # ML algorithms and projects
├── Data_Analysis/         # Statistical analysis work
├── Visualizations/        # Data visualization projects
└── Utilities/            # Helper functions and tools
```

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AleenaTahir1/R_Lab_Work.git
   ```
2. Install R and RStudio
3. Install required packages:
   ```R
   install.packages(c("tidyverse", "ggplot2", "caret"))
   ```

## Contributing

Feel free to:
- Fork the repository
- Create a feature branch
- Submit pull requests
- Open issues for discussions or bug reports

## Team Members

- [@AleenaTahir1](https://github.com/AleenaTahir1)
- [@Razee4315](https://github.com/Razee4315) (Saqlain Abbas)

## Contact

Feel free to reach out to any of our team members through GitHub.

## Show Your Support

If you find this repository helpful, please consider giving it a star!

---
<div align="center">
  <i>Happy Coding with R! 📊</i>
</div>
